feat(aws): always create AAAA alias records in route53 (#5111)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/aws-load-balancer-controller.md

In the above example we create a default path that works for any hostname, and
make use of the `external-dns.alpha.kubernetes.io/hostname` annotation to create
multiple aliases for the resulting ALB.

## Dualstack ALBs

AWS [supports][4] both IPv4 and "dualstack" (both IPv4 and IPv6) interfaces for ALBs.
The AWS Load Balancer Controller uses the `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/ip-address-type`
annotation (which defaults to `ipv4`) to determine this. If this annotation is
set to `dualstack` then ExternalDNS will create two alias records (one A record
and one AAAA record) for each hostname associated with the Ingress object.

[4]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/application-load-balancers.html#ip-address-type

Example:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: same, why this example is removed?

Author: Same as above, in scope of External DNS having the load balancer "dualstack" makes no difference to the behaviour.

Author: I would suggest having a look through the discussion on the original abandoned pull request around this. The existing solution that looked at the "dualstack" annotation worked for the ALB ingress controller ONLY. The idea is that this will work for any ingress controller (with a service of type loadbalancer). At least that is my understanding. I am using ingress nginx with AWS load balancer controller and external DNS is not making any AAAA records, regardless of annotations.

Reviewer: I did. It's not abbout anootations or anything else. The TUTORIAL represent to me, how to create an AWS Load balancer. 

> This tutorial describes how to use ExternalDNS with the [aws-load-balancer-controller](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller).
> Setting up ExternalDNS and aws-load-balancer-controller

I might missing the point, why it should be deleted. The tutorial explains how to configure manifests to have a loadbalancer bootstrapped with aws-load-balancer controller

From the tutorial
```
Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  annotations:
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/scheme: internet-facing
    alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/ip-address-type: dualstack
  name: echoserver
spec:
  ingressClassName: alb
  rules:
  - host: echoserver.example.org
    http:
      paths:
      - path: /
        backend:
          service:
            name: echoserver
            port:
              number: 80
        pathType: Prefix
```

The above Ingress object will result in the creation of an ALB with a dualstack
interface. ExternalDNS will create both an A `echoserver.example.org` record and
an AAAA record of the same name, that each are aliases for the same ALB.

```

So to me, no matter where or not A and AAAA created, if you apply this example to a cluster, it will create an AWS LoadBalancer with DualStack and should have A and AAAA records. I understand that we all read this tutorials differently

Author: Same as above, now that ExternalDNS (after this change) will be treating dualstack and non-dualstack balancers the same, do you agree this is redundant in the context of ExternalDNS?

Reviewer: I'd rather keep them. Where else you could find examples how the setup looks like for external-dns and aws-load-balancer-controller? In this pull request we are fixing the bug where A and AAAA going to be created, but resource creation is still the same. 

I may need another look at this examples

make use of the `external-dns.alpha.kubernetes.io/hostname` annotation to create
multiple aliases for the resulting ALB.

## Dualstack Load Balancers

AWS [supports both IPv4 and "dualstack" (both IPv4 and IPv6) interfaces for ALBs][4]
and [NLBs][5]. The AWS Load Balancer Controller uses the `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/ip-address-type`

> annotation (which defaults to `ipv4`) to determine this. ExternalDNS will always
> create both A and AAAA alias DNS records by default, regardless of this
> annotation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
annotation (which defaults to `ipv4`) to determine this. ExternalDNS createq both A and AAAA alias DNS records by default, regardless of this annotation. It's possible to create only A record with the following command line parameter: `--exclude-record-types=AAAA`. 
```
